Meeting Minutes - September 19th, 2023

Meeting started at 10am and ended at 11:15am

In Attendance: Phil, Daanish, Jodi, Daniel

Agenda:
- code review / Q&A
- Deciding what to work on before next client meeting 

Conclusions:
- In order to not have any isolated/disconnected nodes, new nodes will be instantiated with a hidden connection to that layer's root node. When the new node is connected to a parent, the hidden root connection will be removed.
-  The reason we are using dragging nodes onto each other instead of using connector handles to connect nodes is for mobile usability.
- Determined Basic node states:
- - Node States (Desktop):
- - - Unselected (click away from node in any state)
- - - Selected (One click from Unselected)
- - - Editing (Double click from any state, or Return/Enter from Selected)
- - Node States (Mobile):
- - - Unselected (tap away from node in any state)
- - - Selected (one tap from Unselected)
- - - Editing (tap & hold from any state)

- Entering subgraph interaction will be discussed on team meeting following next Client meeting

To work on:
Daniel:
- Editing node text directly inside the node instead of in the drawer (double click then type to enter text directly, or long hold on mobile to bring up keyboard). (This makes the drawer deprecatable. In the future, make subgraph icon on node clickable to enter that node's subgraph, so we can remove the subgraph button from the drawer)

Daanish:
- Double click to add node on desktop.
- Change connection interaction: Drag child onto parent instead of parent onto child.

Jodi:
- Root node functionality: Make sure the root node cannot be used as a child to another node
- autosave (tentative)

Phil:
- Changing icons: RemoveCircle instead of Lock, and I'll Phil will email Andriy about options to replace the Sparkle icon.
- Micro-interaction (highlight nodes) for when nodes are over each other to show that they're going to connect.
