# Meeting Minutes - October 3rd, 2023
Started @ 2:30pm, ended @ 3:13
In attendance: Phil, Jodi, Dish, Daniel

## Agenda:
- Discuss plans for next sprint
- Discuss FAB change

## Conclusions
- Jodi and Phil need to approve license PR that adds TA
- FAB change approved
- Jodi and Phil will work on slides for presentation, working final version of presentation to be complete Wednedsday the 10th.
- Phil will mock options for subgraph navigation - we decided that to enter a subgraph, there should be a button in the body of the node on the higher level that leads to the subgraph, and to return to a parent graph, there should be a button in the body of the node that is the root of the subgraph.
- Add copy-and-paste and lasso select to this sprint
- Phil will consider new node colorings for this sprint too
- Phil will message Andriy about picking a date to meet during Reading Week