# Meeting Minutes, March 15th 2023
Meeting started at 7:30pm and ended at 8:08
In attendance: Phil, Dish, Jodi, and Daniel

## Agenda
- Drawer discussion
- Emulator training

## Discussion
### Drawer
Concern about drawer component interfering with Floating Action Button in bottom right of graph
Discussion
- Phil reiterated that the drawer as it currently exists is not following the intended functionality and should be changed regardless, and that it is not designed for desktop, which is where the problem is.
- Dish and Phil discussed replacing the drawer with a modal, but Phil raised concerns about the modal blocking the graph, which may be bad for usability
- Daniel suggested using a right-side menu for node editing, which the team agreed with
- Ultimately we decided to retool the drawer to follow the original function, and to add a right-side drawer when on desktop. If that doesn't work, we'll try a modal

### Other
- Discussed our schedules going forward
