# Wednesday March 9th 2023 Meeting Minutes
Meeting started at 8:00pm and ended at 8:40pm

In attendance: Jodi, Daanish, Daniel

## Agenda
- Discuss end-to-end testing
- Divide the completion feature
- Features required before next client meeting
- Answer leftover questions about architecture

## Discussion
- Showed a rough architecture diagram. Things could be described View, Model, ViewModel, Controller
- Certain Firebase internals
- Registration benefits and costs of various domain names

## Conclusions
- Current architecture with the layers is fine. Just need to diagram it for proper development. This is so we can have an architecture diagram for our presentation slides
- Node completion feature, goal node (subgraph) feature, and multiple graphs (like files) feature will both need to affect the database schema, so we need to coordinate
- We want to roadmap to have completion feature, then goal nodes, then multiple files
- A meeting about the database layout will be eventually necessary
- Part 2 of completion feature will not be before next Wednesday 2023-03-15
- Will something simpler than Selenium for E2E tests
- Domain name will not be registered before Q3 2023
- Although we received our client's examples, we will not fully implement the support this week
- We prefer the current fine division of tasks to show progress
- Each member self-assigned the GitHub issues they chose to work on for this week
    - Daniel gonna do testing
    - Dish gonna make the FAB and stuff to do with add nodes
    - Jodi gonna see what she can scuff with task/node completion UI
    - Jodi will start pres slides soon
